------------
| Scene #1 |
------------

"Om... Om... Om..." The alarm clock on the head of the bed rang on time as usual, March 1, 2020, at 8 o'clock in the morning, every minute and second. I woke up in a daze, stretched out a lot, feeling extremely tired, and my bones were crushed.

Oh yes, I just finished my eighth birthday yesterday. It was so late and I drank too much. No wonder I'm so tired.

"You're awake? " 

"Who is talking?" I was agitated, and sat up from the bed, and saw a thin young man in black clothes and black trousers standing in front of the window. The young man looked at me and smiled, and said, "No. DXPTK128964 Li Mo here. Hello, let me introduce myself-I am Spirit Guide 12345, and I am responsible for taking you to the underworld to reincarnate."

"Wait...Wait, what are you talking about? Who are you and why are you in my house!" I looked dumbfounded, why just awake, there was an inexplicable uninvited guest in the house.

"Don't talk nonsense, you are already dead." Spirit Guide 12345 pointed to the underside of my ass. "You are the soul now, that is your corpse."

When I lowered my head, I found that there was an already cold corpse sitting under my ass. The corpse had a huge mouth open, a hideous face, a flushed face, and there were dense blood spots on the exposed neck.

And the face of the corpse is the one I have seen countless times in the mirror, my own face.

Me, just die like this? I'm only in my twenties, and I'm so young, why did I die??

Spirit Guide 12345 patted me on the shoulder, his hand seemed to have a kind of magic power, and I couldn't help calming down.

"Your Daoist grandfather used to help us a lot, and your life is not yet reached, you just died, so we can resurrect you. But you must meet a prerequisite-you need to know who the real culprit is. Otherwise..." Spirit Guide 12345 Shaking his head, "Otherwise, you will be a ghost of death. The obsession will not disappear and you will not be able to resurrect."

I had completely calmed down at this time, after all, it was not the first time I saw these supernatural things. After going through everything in my head, I asked directly: ""How did I die? How should I find the real murderer? "

Spirit Guide 12345 showed some appreciation in his eyes, "The cause of death, here is the suffocation caused by allergies. The way, I will force your soul to return to 24 hours ago, because it is only the soul, you will not change anything. The history that has happened can only be observed."

"Then my soul can move freely?"

"No." Spirit Guide 12345 shook his head, "The soul cannot be too far away from the body. Your soul can only move within a meter of the body of the "you" in the past, otherwise there is a danger of dissipating. But you have no physical limitations. Your angle of view will be unrestricted and you can see all angles of up, down, left, and right. Let’s get started. If you drag it for too long, your corpse will completely lose its vitality and you won’t be able to resurrect."

"Om... Om..... Om..."

The phone alarm rang, and one of me woke up, only to see the other one on the bed yawning.

It seems that it has returned to the [morning] 24 hours ago

I tried to look around. I felt like I was playing a first-person computer game. The 360° angle of view could be switched at will. But the distance should not be too far, and there is a strong sense of bondage that prevents my soul from leaving the "me in the past" too far.

There was a soft door knock outside, probably because my father had gone out, and it seemed that his hearing from the perspective of the soul had also been strengthened to a certain extent.

"The me in the past" is still lying in bed. Taking advantage of this time, I carefully sorted out the ins and outs and important ideas.

I was dead, and the cause of death, according to the soul-inducing master, was the swelling of the respiratory tract caused by allergies, which caused suffocation.

I am allergic to soy products. The symptoms include red spots, itchy skin, and swelling and pain in the respiratory tract one hour after eating beans.

Allergy itself is not fatal, as long as the symptoms are found, treatment will have no effect. So the cause of my death should have been that I didn't notice the symptoms of breathing difficulties. It took a long time to suffocate and die.

Because of hereditary allergies, I haven't eaten soy products at home for many years, but I was at home all day yesterday and never went out. Because of the birthday celebration, a party was held at home. I and my father attended the party; my girlfriend Wendy; my childhood friend Kevin; Kevin’s sister Ling Ling; and my work partner and subordinate Zhao Yuan .

So, how am I allergic? I remember that there were no soy products in the meal yesterday, and I didn't drink anything except wine and boiled water. Then there should be other things that make me allergic.

After clarifying my thinking, I decided to use the convenience of the unobstructed soul perspective to stare at everyone who appeared today.

The first person in the house was Father. He came home from the outside carrying a few plastic bags, apparently he had just returned from buying vegetables.

I checked the time, it was just nine o'clock.

"I bought your favorite spinach, and two sea bass. Your friend will come tonight. Daddy will cook you some good dishes~"

Father put the vegetables in his hand to the corner of the wall, turned around and entered the house.

The "Past Me" was playing the game and answered casually, but my soul's perspective found that my father's eyebrows were wrinkled into a knot, and he was still holding a piece of paper tightly in his hand. He sighed with his back to me, his brows frowned, and there seemed to be something very annoying.

Wait, I suddenly thought that my father usually doesn't like to wander around, and he doesn't like picking and choosing when he buys vegetables. He will go home immediately after buying vegetables, without any delay in a minute. Today, the time he spent buying vegetables was obviously too long.

This is a bit unusual.

Using the convenience of the perspective of the soul, I began to look at the bits and pieces that I hadn't noticed before...
