------------
| Scene #2 |
------------

After taking Wendy into the house, the "past me" continued to play the game of LOL, which was not over. Wendy was idly playing with her mobile phone, a bit absent-minded.

"Stupid, only think about games all day. If it weren't for that thing, how would I have chosen you blindly..." Wendy murmured behind me. "The past me" didn't hear while in game, but my soul perspective heard clearly.

That thing? Yeah, that thing.

"Little sister, take a good look at your doll and play with it for me." "no, your hands are so dirty. You will make my doll dirty! This is my favorite doll."

"Let me take it! Ha ha, it's mine. "

"Ah! Chris! Hurry up! Go and grab it for me!"

"Ah? Oh, OK."

When I was just in high school, Wendy and I were wandering in a remote park. On the road, a naughty child who was playing alone took Wendy's doll that was hanging on her schoolbag for fun. I soon caught up with the child, but I didn't expect that after Wendy came over, she picked up the big stone on the roadside... Blood. In the next memory, there was only full of blood. Stunned, I was at a loss. After I dragged Wendy away, the child was hurt all over.

Thinking that I was in love with Wendy, I naturally kept my mouth shut to protect her. Because there were no witnesses, no one found us. I asked Wendy about it afterwards, she just said blandly, "he dirtied my favorite thing. Of course I wouldn't let him go. If you hadn't pulled it, I would have killed him."

"Ah, finally won!"

"Past me" suddenly shouted, interrupting my train of thought. Wendy was obviously startled. She put her mobile phone behind her back a little panickly. Said in a whimpering tone, "why are you shouting? I'm scared to death."

"Kevin, you are here early! Chris is in his room." suddenly, Father's voice came from outside. It turned out that Kevin also came.

Today, I don't know why, Kevin seemed very enthusiastic and brought me a gift. This stingy guy has never given me a gift in the past. He is generous this year though.

"Why so generous all of a sudden?"

"Hear what you said, we are good bros. I should get you a good gift!" Kevin laughed and his eyes twinkled.

"The past me" didn't think much. I led Kevin and Wendy to my room. Wendy proposed to play Truth or Dare.

When it was my turn to tell the truth, Wendy jokingly asked me, "who in this room do you dislike the most? "

The past me was dreaded to upsetting Wendy, so I said:" It has to be Kevin, not you! Kevin is stingy. His hands and feet are not clean. As a buddy, I don't say much, but don't do this in the future any more~"

I remember that Kevin's mother asked me anxiously not long ago, saying that recently there are always some strange people along with Kevin, and Kevin is obviously rich. He is a civil servant with lots of bonuses. This doesn't look too good. As his bro, I should remind him with emotion and reason.

Kevin was stunned. His expression was a little complicated. He nodded.

In the midst of the game, "the past me" received a text message from Kevin. Although everyone uses whatsapp or telegram nowaday, this boy likes to use text messages.

"Chris, the White Dolphin... It's my fault. I didn't expect it to be...Please apologize to your father for me too. I won't touch this kind of dirty money in the future! "

White Dolphin project? Isn't that the project I'm going to negotiate with alpha tomorrow? Our company has been preparing for this project for a long time. Unexpectedly, it fell into the hands of alpha company not long ago. What does this have to do with Kevin?

"The past me" was a little puzzled. I was just going to ask Kevin carefully. Suddenly, I was interrupted by my father who came into the room.

"Come on, help yourselves to some fruit."

Father came in with the cut fruit, but didn't leave immediately. He suddenly sighed in a low voice: "Alas, you're more and more like your mother, but too much like her. If you were a little like me, you would have..."

"Ah? Dad, why do you suddenly mention mom and miss her again? Hey, I miss Mom too, damn cancer!"

Father sighed and turned away, the emotions in his eyes seem very complicated. I clearly felt that he was not looking at me when he sighed.

Because of Father's interruption, "I in the past" forgot to ask Kevin. From the perspective of my soul, I also think of a lot because of how my father acted and where he went to buy vegetables in the morning...

Among the several people present, the relationships may be much more complicated than I thought...
