---------
The Truth
---------

The murderer is WENDY.

-----------
Case Retold
-----------

Early in the morning, my father went to the testing center and got the report. He found that Wendy was his own daughter because of that night after being drunk more than 20 years ago.

After coming back and discussing with Wendy's mother in the corridor, he decided to hide the secret, and secretly break the couple (Chris and Wendy) apart.

In fact, Wendy has already cheated on Chris, but Kevin is bothered by their brotherhood and the views of relatives and friends. He has not been clear for a long time.

He hopes to wait for an appropriate opportunity to minimize everyone's injury.

At this time, Kevin was contacted by Alpha company. Under the temptation of money, he used his right to grant the White Dolphin project to the notorious Alpha company.

As everyone knows, the White Dolphin project should have been contracted by Chris' father's company. Because Kevin took bribes this time, Chris's father's company lost it all of a sudden. The capital chain was broken.

In addition, Chris' father was short of funds and wanted to cheat insurance with his allergy. (of course, this insurance fraud will not succeed.)

Wendy's heart has already shifted to Kevin. She though that Chris already knew about Kevin's bribery.

She was worried that once her affair with Kevin was found out, Chris would inevitably retaliate against Kevin. Wendy has been selfish and cold-blooded since she was a child.

She will never allow her favorite things to be hurt. Therefore, it is better to start first. She secretly fed Li mo the allergen of bean products while kissing, and then leaves in advance to avoid being suspected.

Ling Ling has been secretly in love with Chris. After being found out by her brother, she was encouraged to confess and rejected.

Kevin simply wanted his sister to go one step further and prepared aphrodisiac for her.

Before the dinner, Kevin sent a text message to his sister, asking her to act immediately because he found out that Chris knew about his bribery.

Should she succeed, he can not only let Wendy break up openly and get together with him officially, but also make Chris unable to talk about his bribery from now on.

Ling Ling did what her brother asked. She went to Chris' room to put the aphrodisiac, but she didn't expect Chris to be too drunk to move, so she left with disappointment.

Zack knows that Chris is going to negotiate with Alpha tomorrow. He has heard of the shamelessness and darkness of Alpha for a long time.

He wants to persuade Chris not to contact Alpha, but Chris insists on going and stopped Zhao Yuan from participating in the negotiation.

Zack, who has long had taboo feelings for Chris, hopes to take the responsibility for Chris.

He plans to use laxatives to let Chris go to the hospital becasue of diarrhea before tomorrow's project, so that he can take the pressure instead of Chris.

During the whole process, only Ling Ling and Zack put drug in the cup on the table. One of them got aphrodisiac and the other got laxative.

Therefore, there were 0 kinds of lethal drugs in the water cup.

After everyone settled Chris down and left, he has an allergic attack. He was unable to struggle because he was too drunk. He suffocated slowly.

At this time, his father also went to the hospital because of allergy. There was no one at home, and no one found Chris' allergy.
                                                                                                                                                                                            
--------
Timeline
--------

At 7:50, Wendy left drunk and fed allergen soy products into Chris' mouth when they kissed goodbye.

At 8:20, Father went out to the hospital because of an allergic attack.

At 8:40, Zack took advantage of the opportunity to send Chris back to his room and put laxatives in the water.

At 8:45, Ling Ling sneaked into Chris' bedroom and put aphrodisiac in the water.

At 10:00, Chris had an allergic attack and struggled to drink some water

At 10:30, Chris could not breathe and groaned in pain, but no one answered at home. He slowly suffocated and died in drunkenness.

At 11:00, Father returned home.