------------
| scene #3 |
------------

"Thump thump thump..."

The knocks on the door woke me up. I looked up at my watch. It was 5 p.m. and it was time for the scheduled party.

"Hello, uncle ~ uncle, you look so young." as soon as my father opened the door, Zack's voice rang. This boy is my subordinate. He is sweet, hardworking and knows how to please others. He has always been highly valued by me. This time, his hands were full of things. He not only brought gifts, but also carried several boxes of drinks, not only beer, but also antidote drinks. It can be said that he was very kind.

Zack has always been very considerate, so since he came to the company, I have been taking care of him. Now he is not only the most powerful assistant in my work, but also a good friend.

"Chris... Could you come over..." Zack said after he put down the things and greeted Father. While others were not paying attention, he pulled me into the study and seemed a little nervous. He said haltingly, "I've heard that you're going to talk to Alpha tomorrow about the project, right, how about letting me go instead? I asked CEO Zhang already, and he said, as long as you give the permission..."

"The past me" waved and said, "it's not that I despise you, boy, but you're still young. Although it's really profitable to talk about it, the white dolphin is now in the bag of alpha company. It's not easy to deal with. We can't afford to screw this up."

"Chris, you always take care of everything by yourself. I can do it. Leave the project to me."

"Next time ok, next time must be good ~ well, don't talk about work, come and sit down."

"The past me" turned around and was busy entertaining everyone and neglected Zack who seemed very reluctant behind.

Not long after, Kevin's sister Ling Ling also arrived. She is a sophomore in the college and had just ended class. She obviously came in a hurry. There were a few drops of sweat on her forehead. As soon as she entered the door, she rushed into the toilet and washed her face. "The past me" said hello to her, but she didn't hear it. She ran down to Kevin and sat down, which made me a little embarrassed.

In fact, I didn't want to invite Ling Ling to this birthday, because not long ago, she suddenly wrote me a love letter. It was so out of the blue. Although I know that Huang Ling has been sticky to me since childhood and I have always liked her straightforward character of daring to love and hate, I have always treated her as my own sister. Besides, I already have Wendy, how can I promise her anything.

After I rejected her, I was always embarrassed with her. But Kevin insisted on taking his sister this time. I thought it was also an opportunity to solve the embarrassment, so I invited her. "Past me" tried to talk to her several times during the dinner. Ling Ling tried to hide from me shyly and nervously. After several times of trying, I gave up and chatted with others instead.

From the perspective of my soul, I see that Kevin put something into Ling Ling's hand when I turned around. She looked to the floor, behaving unnaturally.

The dinner began soon after. "The past me" went to the toilet once during the meal. After I came back, Wendy asked me casually while using her phone: "Chris, what would happen if you've been a cuckold?"

"Why are you asking?"

"Oh, my best friend just sent me a funny cheating scum man's sticker~ A random question, just answer me quickly ~"

"Which MF dares to do that to me? I'll make him pay for it. I'll skin him alive."

Wendy's facial expression became a little strange, but she quickly said cheekily, "Me too. I'll skin whoever does that kind of thing to me."

"The past me" smiled and joked with my girlfriend, but from the perspective of my soul, I found that my father looked a little uncomfortable and always scratched on his body. After a few bites of the food, my father stood up and said, "you play first. I feel a little unwell. Will have a rest."

Father went back to the house. I could hear his voice was a little hoarse.

The rest were all young. The party soon became more lively. Everyone talked and laughed. The "past me" had a good time. Zack added wine to everyone. He always filled it up for me. Soon, everyone was a little drunk.

I carefully observed everyone's every move from the perspective of my soul.

At 7:50, Wendy took the leave by acting drunk. When she kissed me goodbye, she basically tongued me for a good long while. May it be an apology for being cold to me earlier tonight?

At 8:20, Father came out and said he wanted to go to the hospital. We all drank too much so he refused our company.

At 8:40, "the past me" was completely wasted and carried back to the bedroom by Kevin and Zack. Zack deliberately stay back a little longer than Kevin and sprinkled something in the cup on my desk. Then he left. 

At 8:45, Ling Ling sneaked into my bedroom, sprinkled something into the cup on my desk as well. She even tried to feed me the water. But I was too drunk on the bed. She couldn't move me at all so she made her leave, looking a little disappointed.

At 8:50, there was a quarrel outside. It sounded that Kevin's voice. Soon, Both Ling ling and Kevin left.

At ten o'clock, "the past me" breathed heavily. I groaned bitterly, but no one answered at home. I got up drowsily, grabbed up my cup and drank.

At 10:30, the "past me" had more and more difficulty to breathe and suffocated slowly.

At 11, Father came home but didn't notice me. He went straight back to his room to sleep.

Watching yourself lose your life bit by bit in a long time is a wonderful experience beyond words. I shook my head to clear my mind and reviewed the trivial fragments of the whole day in my mind. Through some details, I have a certain guess about the cause of my death...